New tool to prepare ginan to run using a rinex file as input (#62)
GeoscienceAustralia/ginan: scripts/gn/README.md

### Ginan Python CLI Tools

This is a collection of tools to help you prepare your own data to run with Ginan.

## Getting started

> Ensure you have created a virtual environment in the `scripts` folder and installed the `requirements.txt`.

Reviewer: We could include instructions on how to do this via venv for example (or point people to the relevant docs that explain how to set up a virtual env)

Author: Just added some instructions to the README

> Also ensure you have run `python3 scripts/s3_filehandler.py -d -p` to populate the `inputData` folder with the constants that `pea` depends on.

Reviewer: I would like to replace this with the `auto_download_PPP` script. I think I've got most (all?) of the relevant inputs now covered, especially following the new ver 3 ppp_example template. 
I think for now this is ok, but we'll need to do some testing seeing how that script can be incorporated here

Author: Awesome, I'll take a look at `auto_download_PPP` and we can look at incorporating it in near future

Reviewer: Actually, I realise now that it hasn't entered the GitHub repo yet, so maybe I'll send you a copy of that now and you can have a look at it from that version

## prep

The following command `prep` can be used to download the required IGS products and generate the required yaml
for Ginan to be able to determine a static position from a RINEX file.

From your ginan root directory run the following command:

```
gn prep --ppp --static --rinex-path=path/to/rinex --workspace-name=test
```

Once this has been run, a new folder called `workspace/test` will be available. This is where all of the IGS products and generated yaml config are stored.

```
cd workspace/test
pea --config test_auto_template.yaml
```

One the pea has finished running, open up the sinex file in the `workspace/test/outputs` folder to see the estimated position in the `SOLUTION/ESTIMATE` block.

**Note**: This command is a work in progress and currently only supports recent files that you would submit to AUSPOS and state government for inclusion in the national adjustment:

* Only handles RINEX v3
* Only works for RINEX files that were collected >2 weeks ago (just requires FIN products)
* Only works on RINEX files collected after 2022-11-27 (long filenames started on CDDIS)
* Only handles a single RINEX file at a time
* Only handle downloads from CDDIS

> * Recommendation to use RINEX files with >6 hours of data. The generated yaml configuration has ambiguity resolution is turned off, so while pea will still run with a shorter observation session, the results may be well off.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Recommendation to use RINEX files with >6 hours of data. The generated yaml configuration has ambiguity resolution turned off, so while pea will still run with a shorter observation session, the results may be much less accurate.
```
Small typo fix. Change of phrasing to avoid using an idiom for `inaccurate` which may confuse some readers.

# Create a new virtualenv
python -m venv env

# Activate the virtualenv

> . env/bin/activate

Reviewer 2: Valid, though `source` is _reasonably_ universal and probably clearer.

Author: Sounds good
